*Nvims.txt*        Fuzzy search and select from multiple Neovim configurations

==============================================================================
1. NVIMS                                                         *Nvims-nvims*


NAME                                                        *Nvims-nvims-name*

nvims - Open Neovim using a fuzzy search/selection of a Lazyman installed
configuration


SYNOPSIS                                                *Nvims-nvims-synopsis*

nvims [-C filter] [-R] [-U] [nvim args] [file1 [file2] â€¦]

Where:


DESCRIPTION                                          *Nvims-nvims-description*

The `lazyman` installation and configuration automatically configures
convenience aliases and shell functions for Lazyman installed Neovim
configurations. One of these is the `nvims` shell function which dynamically
creates a fuzzy searchable menu of installed Neovim configurations and launches
Neovim with the selected Lazyman Neovim configuration.

See `~/.config/nvim-Lazyman/.lazymanrc`.

Similarly, a `neovides` shell function can be used to select a Neovim
configuration for use with the Neovim GUI `neovide`.

Both the `nvims` shell function and `neovides` shell function accept a `-R`
flag which indicates removal of the selected Neovim configuration. Also
supported is the `-C filter` option to `nvims` and `neovides` which specifies a
filter string to match when generating the list of Neovim configurations to
search and select.

The fuzzy searchable/selectable menu of Neovim configurations can also be shown
with the command `lazyman -S`. Note also that both the `nvims` shell function
and the `lazyman -S` command can accept additional filename arguments which are
then passed to Neovim. For example, to edit `/tmp/foo.lua` with a Neovim
configuration selected from the `nvims` menu:

>bash
    nvims /tmp/foo.lua
<

Execute `nvims` directly at the shell prompt or by using the convenience key
binding `ctrl-n`.

Similarly, if `neovide` is found in the execution PATH then a fuzzy selectable
menu is provided with the `neovides` shell function and convenience key binding
of `ctrl-N` to bring up that menu.


ALIASES                                                  *Nvims-nvims-aliases*

When a Neovim configuration is selected using the `nvims` shell function,
aliases for `vi` and `nvim` are automatically created. Subsequent invocations
of `vi` or `nvim` will use the previously selected Neovim configuration. These
aliases persist throughout the remainder of the current shell session or until
another Neovim configuration is selected using `nvims`.

To use another Neovim configuration while these aliases are active, simply set
the `NVIM_APPNAME` environment variable on the command line. For example, to
use the `nvim-EcoVim` Neovim configuration after aliases for `vi` and `nvim`
have been set by `nvims`, execute the following command:

>bash
    NVIM_APPNAME="nvim-EcoVim" nvim ...
<

The `.lazymanrc` file also creates aliases for `ls`, `less`, and others
including a `tldrf` alias that allows fuzzy searching and selecting from the
list of cheatsheets supported by `tldr`. Try out the `tldrf` command to quickly
and easily display documentation for thousands of commands.


OPTIONS                                                  *Nvims-nvims-options*

The following command line options are available with `nvims` and `neovides`:

`-C filter` : specifies a filter to use when generating the list of
configurations to select from

`-R` : indicates removal of the selected Neovim configurations

`-U` : displays a usage message and exits

Without arguments `nvims` and `neovides` generate a fuzzy search and selectable
menu of all Lazyman installed Neovim configurations. Neovim or neovide will be
opened using the selected configuration.


EXAMPLES ~

`nvims` : presents a fuzzy searchable and selectable menu of Neovim
configurations and opens Neovim using the selected configuration

`neovides` : presents a fuzzy searchable and selectable menu of Neovim
configurations and opens Neovide using the selected configuration

`nvims -R` : presents a fuzzy searchable and selectable menu of Neovim
configurations and removes the selected Neovim configuration

`nvims -C astro foo.lua` : presents a fuzzy searchable and selectable menu of
Neovim configurations with names containing the case insensitive string 'astro'
and opens the file `foo.lua` with Neovim using the selected configuration


HELP ~

The Lazyman Neovim configuration provides `vimdoc` help for the `nvims` and
`neovides` shell functions. While in Neovim using the `nvim-Lazyman`
configuration, view the `vimdoc` help for the `nvims` shell function with the
command `:help Nvims-nvims`. A shortcut key binding for this help command has
been configured. Use `,hn` to quickly access the `vimdoc` help for `nvims`.


AUTHORS                                                  *Nvims-nvims-authors*

Written by Ronald Record `github@ronrecord.com`


LICENSING                                              *Nvims-nvims-licensing*

NVIMS is distributed under an Open Source license. See the file LICENSE in the
NVIMS source distribution for information on terms & conditions for accessing
and otherwise using NVIMS and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.


BUGS                                                        *Nvims-nvims-bugs*

Submit bug reports online at:

<https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman/issues>

Full documentation and sources at:

<https://github.com/doctorfree/nvim-lazyman>

Generated by panvimdoc <https://github.com/kdheepak/panvimdoc>

vim:tw=78:ts=8:noet:ft=help:norl:
